docs(annotaTR): explain that SNPs aren't supported (#248)
gymrek-lab/TRTools: trtools/annotaTR/README.rst

In addition to specifying input and output options above, you must specify at least one annotation operation to perform. These are described below.

.. note::

>     annotaTR is designed to operate on VCFs composed only of TRs and it will only output TRs. If SNPs are mixed with TRs in the input VCF, you must provide the ``--ref-panel`` option so that annotaTR can subtract out the SNPs and ignore them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    annotaTR is designed to operate on VCFs composed only of TRs and it will complain if SNPs are included in the VCFs. So, make sure to remove SNPs from the input VCFs before passing to annotatR.
```
Thanks for adding the notes. I think ``--ref-panel only``  will add back the missing informations but not remove SNPs.
